release notes for 1.13.3 (#11170)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.13.x/announcing-1.13.3/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.13.3
linktitle: 1.13.3
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.13.3 patch release.

> publishdate: 2022-03-09

Reviewer: Is the 2022-03-09 publish date correct?

Author: ```suggestion
publishdate: 2022-04-18
```

release: 1.13.3
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.13.3
---

> This release contains bug fixes to improve robustness.

Reviewer: As the release notes mentions two added supports, consider rewording "This release contains bug fixes to improve robustness" into "This release contains a few added supports and bug fixes to improve robustness."

> This release note describes what's different between Istio 1.13.1 and 1.13.3.

Reviewer 2: Should be 1.13.2 and 1.13.3.

{{< relnote >}}

> # Changes

Author: ```suggestion
## Changes
```

- **Added** support for skipping the intial installation of CNI entirely.

- **Added** values to the Istio Pilot Helm charts for configuring affinity rules and tolerations on the Deployment.  Can be used for better placement of Istio pilot workloads.

- **Fixed** an issue where platform detection is taking 5s on Minikube.
  ([Issue #37832](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/37832))

- **Fixed** an issue where removing a HTTP filter is not working properly.

> - **Fixed** an issue causing some cross-namespace VirtualServices to be incorrectly ignored after upgrading to Istio 1.12+.

Reviewer 2: Should this be 1.13+?

Author: The note is also in 1.12 branch, so I assume this is correct.

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.13.3
linktitle: 1.13.3
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.13.3 patch release.
publishdate: 2022-04-18
release: 1.13.3
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.13.3
---

This release contains bug fixes to improve robustness and some additional configuration support.
This release note describes what's different between Istio 1.13.2 and 1.13.3.

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

- **Added** support for skipping the initial installation of CNI entirely.

> - **Added** values to the Istio Pilot Helm charts for configuring affinity rules and toleration on the Deployment.
>   Can be used for better placement of Istio pilot workloads.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Added** values to the istiod Helm charts for configuring affinity rules and toleration on the Deployment. This can be used for better placement of istiod instances.
```

> - **Fixed** an issue where platform detection is taking 5 seconds on Minikube.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where platform detection took 5 seconds on Minikube.
```

  ([Issue #37832](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/37832))

> - **Fixed** an issue where removing a HTTP filter is not working properly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where removing a HTTP filter did not work properly.
```
